Cfcrigtwag WiH y 1®.Here Before \,k We Know it—See? A 6 MEDICINE FOR PP5-.- T-:\V •'•», 8fc Entente Allies Establish Commercial Blockade of Greece. Important Battl»—Germane Aecuaa Serbs of Inhuman Troatmont of Bul bar Captives—Italian Troopa Advanco WOT. London, 22.—The rumors last week that the entente allies had de termined to compel Greece to repudiate all hints that she might Interfere with the passage of allied troops across her territory have been substantiated by the inauguration of a pacific blockade. This measure is expected to elicit an Immediate declaration from the Greek government clearly defining its In tentions. Some dispatches from Athens go so far as to say this already has been at tained' as a result of Earl Kitchener's conference with King Constantlne, and that the earl received assurances of a satisfactory nature. The British gov ernment, however, has not yet inti mated that Greece has complied with' 1&e demands of the allies. i| Greece Feara Germany. ^Greece is described as prey of con flicting emotions—fear of Germany, Whose military successes have brought the Balkan war theater nearer, and her natural sympathy for the cause of the allies—dictating opposite paths out of her-present difficult neutrality. Some Greek newspapers regard the blockade of Greece as a violation of interna tional law. For the time being military opera tions in Serbia have been almost sus pended. This is regarded in England as an encouraging sign for the Serb ians and their allies, in view of the fact that a few daya ago a Bulgarian ad vance frfom Prllep to Monastir ap pealed certain. ^Flret Msdleine" For Conatantine. The informal commercial blockade of Greece is described as the "first in stallment of theflrstmediclnethat.esn cure King Constantino's affliction" by &e^|**l|.>iall Gazette, which adds: "W* have seen enough to convince ntf 4r# can rely on frood falthf In tint quarter only by exhibiting the punish ment which awaits guile. The blockade is a tardy beginning of that process, to which supplements should be forth coming without delay." A E N S IS I E S S E ^ommerelal Blockade Entirely Unex pected—Opinion Divided. Paris, Nov. 22.—The declaration of a commercial blockade of Greece by the entente powers has produced a marked impression In Athens, particularly as it was unexpected. If An Athens dispatch to the Petit Journal says the newspaper organs of the Greek government accuse the al lies of attempting to drag Greece into the. war by harsh measures. These papers assert Greece has given sufficient proof that she intends to maintain the policy of benevolent neutrality. However, she can not per mit the transferance of the theater of war into her own territory. Is is sug gested that the measures taken by the allies may result in the withdrawal of Greek troops from the frontier or even in partial demobilization. The section of the press which sup ports former Premier Venizelos ac cuses the government of having brought on by lack of foresight a con flict with the entente powers. The general feeling, however, is one of optimism, and it is believed serious misunderstanding will be avoided. Termed Aot of Violence. Berlin, Nov. 32.—The Overseas News Agency characterized the commercial blockade of greece as an "act of violence against-a small neutral coun try" which Intends to maintain neu trality without engaging in intrigues. 

BERBB DEFEAT BULGAR8. Win. Important Engagement at Point South of Nieh. Paris, Nov. 22.—The reports "that the Serbians have won an important vic tory over the Bulgarians near Lesko vats on the ftlsh-Salonlkl railroad, twenty-live miles south of Nish, is cor roborated in a dispatch received today from the Serbian minister at Athens. The message says that after a battle of several days in which the Bulgars sustained enormous losses, the rem nant of their army fled in disorder to. the eastern bank of the Morava river. The victory Is regarded as a definite oiie the message says, securing that part of the line from further attack tor some. time. Italians in Important Advance. Home, Nov. 21, via Paris, Nov. it.— Italian troops have made an important I advance on the Isonzo front, especially on the heights northwest of Gorisia, according to an official statement is sued today at the headquarters of the general staff. The ground gained was retained^ it is claimed, In spite of vigorous Austrian counter attacks. SerbeAeoused of Cruelties. Berlin, "by wireless to Sayville, Nov. it.—Horrified by Serbian mistreat ment of Bulgarian soldiers, Lady Paget has requested admission to the Bul garian Red Cross, the Overseas News Agency says. Lady Paget, who is the wife of Sir Rata* ftaoot, British permanent under smii 

-^£W8£X& :.- TO FORCE DEFINITE POLICY TOWARD WAR ••rsw«j$r" Athtni Government Muat Mik« An MunotmNit of Intentions—Serbians Announce Defeat of Bulgarians in secretary of foreign affairs, conducted a hospital at Uskup, Serbia, and re mained there after it was captured by the bulgarlans. The Overseas News Agency says she was so affected by the barbarity that she has written to Lon don her regret that England is allied with Serbia. Teutona Conciliating Roumanian Rome, Nov. 22.—Germany and Aus tria-Hungary are understood to be asking Roumania to preserve her neu traJity smd &t ths same nffnrirff certain concessions to her if she will Intervene in the war on the side of the central powers, according to informa tion received here today from reliable sources. Bulgaria Hopes to Held Territory. Berlin, Nov. 

